
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q6, 8.10, Summer 2020   (c) DL, UTA, 2020


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (not this quiz) to cloud service, AWS.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 5. Your goal is to make a very simple spell checker and word assistant.
    You are NOT asked to know how either of these work, we will give you all of the parts needed 
    (except your part, which you will implement on AWS)

 6. You will present to a user a web page with a text box and a few buttons, or options that she 
    may use. There will be a large entry box, where she may enter text, in English, 
    or some words perhaps in Spanish.
    Then she can hit a button (or somehow select) "Spell Check".
    Your spell checker will search word by word by first looking at the most frequent words to see if each word is in there.
    If it is, good, mark each word in green, if it is NOT in that list, allow her to select an option 
    that will try to find it in the Spanish word list, and you can suggest the English equivalent
    (it is in that list). 
    If she does not select the the Spanish option, she can select the "Check" button. In that case,
    you should suggest the closest English word in that frequency list.
    Match as any letters from the first character as possible in the frequency list.
    The suggested replacement should have the same number of characters plus or minus one, as the original.
    Replace that word in her text box in red, and she can then select "accept" or "not",
    which replaces that word and continues.

    As any part of this app works (enter text, selection buttons, Spanish search and replace, English search and replace)
    Please show us.

  7. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. 

 100. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

